capital = 4

oob = "AUS_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
create_faction = "Asutrian Empire"
add_to_faction = AUS

recruit_character = AUS_kurt_schuschnigg
recruit_character = AUS_karl_renner
recruit_character = AUS_arthur_seyss-inquart
recruit_character = AUS_alfred_klahr
recruit_character = AUS_karl_eglseer
recruit_character = AUS_odilo_globocnik
recruit_character = AUS_alexander_lohr
recruit_character = AUS_paul_von_hegedus
recruit_character = AUS_julius_yllam
recruit_character = AUS_otto_meixner_von_zweienstamm
recruit_character = AUS_wilhelm_zehner
recruit_character = AUS_josef_teufl
recruit_character = AUS_otto_schobel
recruit_character = AUS_viktor_seebauer
recruit_character = AUS_lothar_rendulic
recruit_character = AUS_ernst_kaltenbrunner
recruit_character = AUS_eduard_freiherr
recruit_character = AUS_franz_bohme
recruit_character = AUS_eugen_beyer
recruit_character = AUS_julius_raab
recruit_character = AUS_leopold_figl


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1930.11.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 5
	communism = 2
	neutrality = 83
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Franz Dinghofer"
	desc = ""
	picture = "Portrait_Franz_Dinghofer.dds"
	ideology = Conservatism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Kurt Schuschnigg"
	desc = ""
	picture = "Portrait_Kurt_Schuschnigg.dds"
	ideology = Nazism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Otto Von Habsburg"
	desc = ""
	picture = "Portrait_Otto_Von_Habsburg.dds"
	ideology = Moderatism 
	traits = {
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Karl Seitz"
	desc = ""
	picture = "Portrait_Karl_Seitz.dds"
	ideology = Leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
	
}
set_stability = 0.50
puppet = NIT
puppet = BOS
puppet = MNT
puppet = SER
puppet = VNI
puppet = CZE
puppet = HUN
puppet = CRO
puppet = HRZ
puppet = GLC 